oil is protected in Saudi Arabia oil is
potentially the most important commodity
traded on the exchanges today oil is
fought over in Wars oil price moves can
cause massive
upheaval keep your eyes on the liquid
Black Gold you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you why don't
you take a guess at which quote unquote
Rogue oil and gas na output hit a record
high let's get into
it Russian oil output in December stays
at record highs right now there is a
considerable amount of oil and gas being
outputed by Russia let's look at this
chart the crude output right now has
spiked in recent months
you can see the considerable gains in
output as the years have gone on I do
believe that there is reason for this
there is more
demand and despite what we're being told
about the
glut in the
inventories around the world of crude
oil I do believe that there is more
demand it's simply supply and demand
fundamentals there
are more people moving from the rural
areas into the cities that will
ultimately result in more oil
consumption there are new technologies
that are coming out solar and everything
else which reduce the need for oil but
it's so small in comparison to how
important oil is at this time I think
that solar and other you know new
energies that are coming out are amazing
I'm a big fan of them but I'm just
talking about the economics here when
you look at it oil is huge there's no
denying that Russian gas out monthly
output and you can see here again that
you have a massive amount at this time
let's move on to many other topics I
just want to go through these very
quickly right now Britain has the
world's top economy can you believe this
so I thought to myself here wasn't it
just a few months ago where we were told
in the mainstream media that the UK was
doing terrible that because there was
Britain leaving the Euro the brexit
caused a mass mive and terrible
drought in the
economy it was such a bad idea and
everything was going to hell well let's
just go back in time the brexit economy
falling pound and Rising inflation fuel
fears of a Slowdown here they are in the
guardian talking about how they're so
bad for having this brexit how they're
quote unquote leaving Europe and it's
going to be terrible let's move to this
one the independent brexit turbulence
and pounds 31 year L causes UK economy
to fall behind France that was in
October of 2016 so here they are saying
it was doing terrible and then right
here the UK growth expectations or
predictions fail After brexit Fall after
brexit Britain's abandoned plans to seek
a budget surplus by the end of the
decade as the country's Finance Minister
cut growth predictions as a result of
the
brexit okay so we're getting some
conflicting information
he said the slower economic growth
coupled with higher inflation and lower
tax receipts meant the country could no
longer balance the budget by
2020 we keep getting
these mixed signals but I just showed
you they're apparently I don't know you
know for this is going to continue at
all but the top
economy so here we are a few months ago
trying to fear Monger trying to say that
everything is terrible brexit hasn't
even happened by the way let's just be
clear about that but they're trying to
say that as a result of this brexit vote
everything's going to go to hell then
you see these statistics that say
absolutely not it's quite the opposite I
thought you would all enjoy that hello
to all my friends in the
UK we have a major catastrophe that is
going on I do believe underlying any
sort of positive information that we do
get and I do bring that to you although
some people will deny that when it is
available I'm seeing more and more
layoffs I'm seeing jobs being replaced
either offsh or being replaced by
Automation and technology department
store chains Mac's and Kohl's both cut
their 2016 forecast on Wednesday after
the holiday season uh sales fell more
than expected pushing the shares down
they're firing a lot of people they're
replacing in the case of Amazon and
everything else replacing the workforce
with robots and automation this is
becoming something that um has become a
trend and you can tell that the
companies are in favor of this simply
because of what happens every time they
lay people off the stocks go up and it
is sad beyond belief when a whole bunch
of people lose their jobs and stocks
rise I mean that's criminal that is
terrible to see it but it happens all
the time corporate profits are extremely
important to the shareholders and it's
unbelievable when you have analysts
giving buy
signals on layoffs that's
criminal but they say you know what I'm
just you know I'm just saying it like it
is you know I'm not the enemy all this
business but you're all a part of it
when they do that type of thing you're
you're all a part of this Global debt
levels can you believe this globally
it's not just one country okay as some
like to believe Global debt levels Rose
to More Than
25% of the world's GDP last year as a
government that Rose
sharply I do believe that Mark Faber
said it best and I'll paraphrase him
in the last
recession it was when the corporations
went bust but this time
around the governments are going to go
bust and this is what they
deserve this is exactly what's happening
where you see that these corporations
which held the government
hostage are now living pretty on all
those bailouts that they received 16
trillion from the Federal Reserve and
the LI limited audit tarp bailout
everything else and then you look at uh
everything that has happened
since where the governments have put
themselves in a very little predicament
in fact they have
this impossibility by any stretch of
your
imagination there is no possible way
that they can ever get out of this
mathematically impossible
possible and you look at 325 of the
world
GDP we're
doomed simply doomed if we follow
their whole scheme if we let our Pension
funds and our stocks and everything else
that seems to be okay our mutual funds
and everything else seem to be there to
take us away into
retirement when whether that's maybe
Freedom 55 anyone or is it Freedom 75 85
what is
it and we're supposed to have that Nest
Egg waiting for
us if you're waiting for that
I'm I'm really worried for
you quickly here US Auto Sales the only
reason I wanted to mention this was they
claim that there are uh Rising you could
see here other than the Plateau that has
occurred I just want to note this Cash
for Clunkers okay look at the spike that
it created okay huge right so they can
promote all of these things they could
say look at how good Auto Sales were
during this time period it was so
amazing yes we spent billions of dollars
but ignore that look at during this time
we increased sales by this much and that
much but look at what happened it just
continued the Trend look at the trend
line so what it spiked for a couple
months it came back down the government
cannot solve problems it is impossible
it's not possible they can't solve any
problems doesn't matter what they try
and do they can create Public Works
projects they can print money they can
do anything but it's always going to
result in a failure let's move on here
last one this is basically the S&P 500
price versus earnings okay that's
essentially what this we're looking
at they're already circled but I'll just
do it again here you're looking at back
during the do com boom approximately and
then you'll see this
today you're hitting the same numbers
okay and what we need to note is what's
in green down here and that is is the
crash which took place after yes you had
this High Point and there was some
fluctuations on the way but look where
it turned out it's just one indicator
but that's of many
indicators that had been seen and the
price earnings ratios are you know when
you're looking at particular stocks it's
interesting to look at anyway it doesn't
really give you the whole picture that's
for sure but that's why I always bring
you you know I'm sure since the
beginning I've probably brought
you at least I'm being conservative
hundreds and
hundreds of different indicators that
show you the situation that is going on
right now this happens to be one of the
popular ones I even talk about it in my
book and everything because I do believe
that it does get a lot of attention and
it does show the truth in a very uh sort
of concise way if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs
up if you found the video informative I
know you will find my book The Money GPS
even more
informative so if you want to look
through the book just head over to
Amazon because they have a look inside
feature that will allow you to flip
through the pages of the book and see if
you like it take care